Fix Iframe.Credentialless documentation. (#23351)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmliframeelement/credentialless/index.md

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`credentialless`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLIFrameElement")}} interface indicates whether the {{htmlelement("iframe")}} is credentialless, meaning that documents inside will be loaded using new, ephemeral contexts.

> Those contexts do not have access to their network, cookies and storage data associated with their origin. Instead, they use new ones, local to the top-level document lifetime. It means any data stored won't be accessible anymore after the user's navigate away from the page or reloads it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those contexts do not have access to their network, cookies and storage data associated with their origin. Instead, they use new ones, local to the top-level document lifetime. It means any data stored won't be accessible anymore after the user navigates away from the page or reloads it.
```

> In return the {{httpheader("Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy")}} (COEP) embedding rules can be lifted, so documents with COEP set can embed third-party documents that do not. See [IFrame credentialless](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/IFrame_credentialless) for a deeper explanation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In return, the {{httpheader("Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy")}} (COEP) embedding rules can be lifted, so documents with COEP set can embed third-party documents that do not. See [IFrame credentialless](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/IFrame_credentialless) for a deeper explanation.
```
